doc improvement: Add link to Pelion development tools (#5522)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_pelion.rst

To use the Pelion Device Management library, you need a developer account on `Pelion Device Management Portal`_.

Download Pelion development tools
=================================

> The `Pelion Development Tools`_ allow creation of update resources and manifest.
> It is also possible to run update campaigns directly from a command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Pelion manifest tool`_ simplifies the creation of update resources and manifests.
You can also use them to run update campaigns directly from command line.

To download and install the tool, see `Installing the manifest tool`_ in the Pelion repository.
```

==========================================

For details about provisioning the device with update resources, see the `Device Management Update`_ guide in the Pelion documentation.

> The `Pelion Development Tools` can be used to simplify update process during development stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the `Pelion manifest tool`_ to run the update process during development stage.
See `Using the manifest tool`_ in the Pelion repository for details.
```
